Very Few know that you played professional soccer, you think that in the current football we watch
on television and in the stadiums do you need more tricks?
I think that in football you can watch it for 90 minutes and sometimes you do not see anything,
so in this kind of shows, with freestyle, pannas (tunnels) and street soccer
you have the opportunity to show people something,
and it's another way of playing football that is real football that comes from the streets,
because everybody takes the ball, goes out and plays tricks and things like that
because he has fun with the ball.
So basically what we do and what I do
is to return with the real football that I love since I started, and bring it to the streets.
Could you summarize your style in a few words?
My style is a mixture of many things to say so,
I like to communicate with people
so my game is to connect with the people in front of me
and having fun with them so that's my style ... talking to people.
We all know that you have visited many places in the world,
What do you think is the country where Freestyle is best practiced?
Hmm, different countries are good,
because everyone has different styles ...
But I have to say, that in my opinion
The best country in Freestyle, and that has its own style ...
Japan, because they have very good moves
It's Poland also because they have many Freestylers in the top Ranking
France, because of course there we have good vibrations
nobody practices it like we do there ...
and I think Colombia is one of the best because here
all the level of the guys is really strong
and especially in the show, I was quite surprised with the talent ...
of the Colombian freestyler.
How much influence does music have in your freestyle?
For me, when you do Freestyle you adapt what there is
Around you...
So if you're facing people you adapt to that and with them
but if in the atmosphere with the people you put some music,
if you do not play with that, it's a serious mistake ...
because, you know you see, you smell your touch ...
but what most influences people is what they hear ...
So if you connect your Freestyle with music
it's going to be something great ...
because you will reach more people.